Add troubleshooting doc for admin-client-auth secret not found (#1954)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/known_issues/admin_client_auth_not_found.md

# Known Issue: `admin-client-auth` Not Found

Running the Install CSM Services script, the following error may occur:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

Author: fixed

ERROR   Step: Set Management NCNs to use Unbound --- Checking Precondition
+ Getting admin-client-auth secret
Error from server (NotFound): secrets "admin-client-auth" not found
+ Obtaining access token
```

## Fix

This can occur if the `keycloak-users-localize` pod has not completed, and that can be caused by an intermittent `istio` issue. Follow the following steps to remediate the issue:

>    1. Follow [Troubleshoot Intermittent HTTP 503 Code Failures](../../operations/kubernetes/Troubleshoot_Intermittent_503s.md) to verify `istio` is healthy.

Reviewer 2: Typo 
Iistio -> Istio

>    1. Ensure the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod is in a `Completed` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Ensure that the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod is in a `Completed` state.
```

    ```bash
    kubectl get po -n services | grep keycloak-wait-for-postgres

>     keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1-pv85m                                0/2     Completed   0          15d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1-pv85m                                0/2     Completed   0          15d
```

   ```

>    1. If the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod is not in a `Completed` state, resubmit the job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod is not in a `Completed` state, then resubmit the job:
```

Author: fixed

   ```bash
   kubectl get job -n services keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1 -o json | jq 'del(.spec.selector)' | jq 'del(.spec.template.metadata.labels)' | kubectl replace --force -f -

>    job.batch "keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1" deleted

Reviewer: ````suggestion
   ```

   Example output:

   ```text
   job.batch "keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1" deleted
````

>     job.batch "keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1" deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    job.batch "keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1" deleted
```

   job.batch/keycloak-wait-for-postgres-1 replaced
   ```

> Once the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod has completed, the `keycloak-users-localize` job should complete, which is what creates the `admin-client-auth` secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod has completed, the `keycloak-users-localize` job should create the `admin-client-auth` secret and complete.
```

> Once the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod has completed, the `keycloak-users-localize` job should complete, which is what creates the `admin-client-auth` secret.

Reviewer: Should the user then re-run the install CSM script?

# Known Issue: `admin-client-auth` Not Found

Running the Install CSM Services script, the following error may occur:

```text
ERROR   Step: Set Management NCNs to use Unbound --- Checking Precondition
+ Getting admin-client-auth secret
Error from server (NotFound): secrets "admin-client-auth" not found
+ Obtaining access token
```

## Fix

This can occur if the `keycloak-users-localize` pod has not completed, and that can be caused by an intermittent `Istio` issue. Remediate the issue with the following procedure:

>    1. Follow [Troubleshoot Intermittent HTTP 503 Code Failures](../../operations/kubernetes/Troubleshoot_Intermittent_503s.md) to verify that `Istio` is healthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Follow [Troubleshoot Intermittent HTTP 503 Code Failures](../../operations/kubernetes/Troubleshoot_Intermittent_503s.md) to verify that Istio is healthy.
```

Author: fixed

>    1. Ensure that the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod is in a `Completed` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. (`ncn-mw#`) Ensure that the `keycloak-wait-for-postgres-*` pod is in a `Completed` state.
```

>    Example output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: fixed

>    ```text

Author: fixed
